✨ Add support negative polarity conditions (#10550)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api: docs/proposals/20200506-conditions.md

(e.g. `Completed`, `Healthy`); however, it is recommended to balance this flexibility with the objective to provide
a consistent condition naming across all the Cluster API objects.

The `Severity` field MUST be set only when `Status=False` + positive polarity or when `Status=True` + negative polarity;

> severity it is designed to provide a standard classification of possible conditions failure `Reason`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
severity is designed to provide a standard classification of possible conditions failure `Reason`. 
```

Reviewer 2: I agree the wording is a touch confusing, I read this as: 

Severity must only be set when something of positive polarity has 'Status=False' (something good is not true), or when something of negative polarity has 'Status =True'  (something bad is true)

- Risk: This proposal aims to be consistent with the target state of conditions in Kubernetes, but this
  is still under definition (see [KEP](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/pull/1624)).
  - Mitigation: Periodically re-evaluate this proposal vs the Kubernetes KEP. 

>     -  2024-05-03: Change allowing conditions with negative polarity goes into this direction

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -  2024-05-03: Change to allow conditions without positive polarity goes into this direction
```
(~ means the same but this framing would also include conditions without polarity. I think Paused is basically neiter positive nor negative)

(same in Implementation History)
